We hereby remind you (user) that before registering as a user, please read this User Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") carefully to ensure that you fully understand the terms of this agreement. Please read carefully and choose to accept or not to accept this agreement. Your registration, login, use, etc. will be regarded as acceptance of this agreement, and you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. This agreement stipulates the rights and obligations between "us" and users regarding software services (hereinafter referred to as "services"). "User" means an individual who registers, logs in, and uses the Service. This Agreement may be updated by "we" at any time. Once the updated terms of the agreement are published, they will replace the original terms of the agreement without prior notice. Users can check the terms of the latest version of the agreement in this App. After modifying the terms of the agreement, if the user does not accept the modified terms, please stop using the service provided by "we" immediately, and the user's continued use of the service will be deemed to accept the modified agreement.
1. User privacy information protection
1. If "we" finds or receives reports or complaints from others that users violate the terms of this agreement, "we" has the right to review and delete relevant content, including but not limited to user information and posting records, at any time without notice. According to the seriousness of the circumstances, penalties including but not limited to warnings, account bans, device bans, and function bans will be imposed on the violating accounts, and the user will be notified of the processing results.
2. Users who are banned for violating the user agreement can contact "us" by themselves. Among them, users who have been banned from functions will automatically resume the banned functions after the ban period expires. Banned users can submit an appeal, and "we" will review the appeal and decide whether to change the penalty measures at our own reasonable discretion.
3. The user understands and agrees that "we" has the right to impose penalties on violations of relevant laws and regulations or the provisions of this agreement according to reasonable judgment, take appropriate legal actions against any user who violates laws and regulations, and save relevant information to relevant parties in accordance with laws and regulations. Department reports, etc., the user shall bear all legal responsibilities arising therefrom.
4. The user understands and agrees that for any claim, demand or loss claimed by any third party, including reasonable attorney fees, caused or incurred due to the user's violation of this agreement, the user shall compensate "us" and the cooperative company and affiliated company, and keep it from damage.
2. User-published content specification
1. The content described in this article refers to any content made, uploaded, copied, published, or disseminated by users in the process of using the service, including but not limited to account avatar, name, user description and other registration information and authentication information, or text, voice , pictures, videos, graphics, etc. to send, reply or automatically reply to messages and related link pages, as well as other content generated by using the account or the service.
2. Users are not allowed to use the ""We"" account or this service to create, upload, copy, publish, or disseminate content prohibited by the following laws, regulations and policies:
(1) Opposes the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) Endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;
(3) Damage to national honor and interests;
(4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, or undermining ethnic unity;
(5) Undermining the state's religious policy and promoting cults and feudal superstitions;
(6) Spreading rumors, disrupting social order, and undermining social stability;
(7) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or instigating crimes;
(8) Insulting or slandering others and infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of others;
(9) Information containing other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
3. Users shall not use the ""Our"" account or this service to produce, upload, copy, publish, and disseminate the following content that interferes with the normal operation of "Services" and infringes the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties:
(1) contains any sexual or sexual innuendo;
(2) Contains abusive, intimidating and threatening content;
(3) Contains harassment, spam, malicious information, and deceptive information;
(4) Involving the privacy, personal information or materials of others;
(5) Infringing on other legal rights such as reputation rights, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, business secrets, etc.;
(6) Contains other information that interferes with the normal operation of this service and violates the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties.
3. Rules of use
1. Any content transmitted or published by users in or through this service does not reflect or represent, nor shall it be deemed to reflect or represent "our" views, positions or policies, and "we" shall not bear any responsibility for this. responsibility.
2. The user shall not use the ""We"" account or this service to conduct the following acts:
(1) Submitting or publishing false information, or stealing other people's pictures or materials, impersonating or using the name of others;
(2) Force or induce other users to pay attention, click on linked pages or share information;
(3) Fabricating facts or concealing the truth to mislead or deceive others;
(4) Using technical means to create fake accounts in batches;
(5) Use the "our" account or the service to engage in any illegal and criminal activities;
(6) Making, publishing, or operating or disseminating methods and tools related to the above acts, whether or not these acts are for commercial purposes;
(7) Other behaviors that violate laws and regulations, infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of other users, interfere with the normal operation of "We" or the service is not expressly authorized.
3. The user shall be solely responsible for the authenticity, legality, innocence, accuracy, validity, etc. of the information transmitted by using the "our" account or this service, and any legal responsibility related to the information disseminated by the user shall be the responsibility of the user. At your own risk, not with "us".
If any damage is caused to "us" or a third party, the user shall compensate according to law.
4. The services provided by "our" may include advertisements, and users agree to display advertisements provided by "us" and third-party suppliers and partners during use. Except as expressly provided by laws and regulations, the user shall be responsible for the transactions carried out according to the advertisement information.
"We" shall not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by the user due to the transaction based on the advertisement information or the content provided by the aforementioned advertiser.
4. Other
1. "We" solemnly reminds users to pay attention to the clauses in this agreement that exempt "us" from liability and restrict users' rights. Users are requested to read carefully and consider risks independently. Minors should read this agreement accompanied by their legal guardians.
2. The validity, interpretation and dispute resolution of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. If any dispute or dispute occurs between the user and "us", it should be resolved through friendly negotiation first. If the negotiation fails, the user agrees to submit the dispute or dispute to the competent people's court where "us" is domiciled.
3. If any clause of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable for whatever reason, the remaining clauses are still valid and binding on both parties.

